Hey, welcome to the course! We are really excited because
we get to see how much you improve, as you go through the course. So, Sam, what's the
first thing they need to be doing. The first thing you need to do is get your hands on a Google Cardboard.
They are a very inexpensive, around about $20, and you can buy them off of Amazon
or whatever you like, and it doesn't really matter which version you get.
But the important thing is that it has a trigger; that will be useful come section
4, when we're actually using the Google Cardboard. So, get the Cardboard on its way to you,
but don't wait till it arrives to get stuck into the course. Please get stuck in right away,
because we're not going to need the Cardboard until section 4. So,
against this very lecture you have a link to the section notes. They're hosted on
Google Slides; their live, you can comment and interact over there, and if you want to
you can download them. So once they've got their slides and they've ordered their Cardboard, then what Sam? Well,
when you've done that, we'd like you to head on over to Unity3D.com,
where you can get your own copy of Unity downloading and start that installation
process right away, so you don't have to wait. Absolutely, and then
please please introduce yourself, in the discussions, to the other students. Maybe where you're from in the world
or your interests in VR, maybe what your background is. Stuff like that is really
really helpful, and when you see somebody else's introduction, please do say hey that's cool
and try and find some common ground, get a conversation going with the other students. Absolutely!
I'm really excited, I'm going to be your main instructor through this course, and I can't wait to
see you in there!